# Intentions for January 2025

---

It's not easy to apply to college again. When I return to my own record, all I see are failures reflected back at me. But I see a lot of success as well. Reckoning with the mix tests my integrity, because the facts feel ugly, disgusting, and shameful... but also bright, interesting, and promising. My own actions have brought me to where I am today, but there hasn't been anything truly unforgiveable in my past. I reap what I sow, but all my debts are paid and I have never violated academic integrity. I have failed by dropping out of classes after the deadline for withdrawals have passed, taking zeroes and Ws. Even in a wasteland of regrets, I am proud never to have cheated or considered taking shortcuts.

That's why I am seeking acceptance into College. A better future starts with embracing where I am today, regardless of how dark the present may be. Acceptance, to me, means that the College will allow me to continue to write my record. That they share my vision of a better future.

All I want to do is to add more success to the record, so that it doesn't end in flames. I want to stop lamenting the past, because it can't be changed. The only way is forward, taking with grace and gratitude the opportunities that I have. I can't stay stagnant and lament. This life, this challenge, isn't over until it's over. 

One successful semester at a time, I can bring a better future into reality. By getting good grades, showing up to class, and following through on my commitments, I will become worthy of undertaking additional responsibilities and deeper commitments. This is a practice like meditation, requiring personal discipline and focus.

One benefit of having lived to be 35 is that I have so many years of experience in the workforce and education. I've lived through so many situations, good and bad, that have taught me what works and what does not for me. By combining maturity, determination, focus, and commitment, I will succeed.

But it would be wrong to avoid considering what may hold me back.

... There is a stone inside my soul. It is the spirit of resilience; an immoveability that has kept me alive, but has also weighed me down. Fear of imperfection, mundanity, and pain would keep me mired in inertia. Instead of giving in to my tired cliché post-modern malaise, I should stay grounded in the miraculous nature of being alive. I should refuse to take life for granted. 

Put simply, my intention this semester is to do my homework, show up to class, and to follow through on my commitments. Simple, uncomplicated, success.

---

As I was exploring Ontario Tech options, their main page says

**Take a step toward a brighter future.**

- I want to move towards the [Communication & Digital Media Studies](https://ontariotechu.ca/programs/college-to-university-transfer/social-science-and-humanities/communication-and-digital-media-studies-gas-transfer/index.php#tab-admission-requirements) bachelor of arts degree. 
- 